How does a non-binary samurai slay their enemies: they / them
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work
My son’s fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didn’t recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four
I recently went to the “World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine” exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan
My wife asked me to stop singing “Wonderwall” to her. I said maybe…
What’s the most detail-oriented ocean? The Pacific.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
When does a joke become a “dad joke?” When it becomes apparent.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
How much does a roof cost? Nothing - it's on the house
Wanted: a man has been stealing wheels of police cards. Police have been working tirelessly to catch him
Breaking: Pun enters a room, kills 10 people. Pun in, 10 deed.
Her: you spent our entire life savings on dogs. Me: they're golden retrievers, Karen. They retrieve gold. I did it for us. 
I figured out why Teslas are so expensive. It’s because they charge a lot.
The last thing my grandfather told me was “It’s worth spending money on good speakers.” That was some sound advice.
Her: I’m leaving. I am sick of you wearing a different t shirt every half an hour. Me: Wait. I can change.
My doctor told me I'm going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
I sold my vacuum cleaner today... All it was doing was collecting dust.
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist.
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
I'm so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down.
I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming.
My dog is a genius. I asked him, "What's two minus two?" He said nothing.
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
I'm reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can't put it down!
At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they're making headlines!
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
